---
layout: post
title: Week Five
---

<h2>What did I do this week?</h2>

This past week was the College of Natural Sciences career fair. I spent the week focused in on prepping for the fair and interviews afterwards. In addition to that the Netflix project was due on Thursday. My partner and I had a majority of the project finished going into the week and just needed to write our unit test for the assignment. We also had another talk this week give by one of the engineers at JPL. He spoke about how the JPL team is using the HoloLens to reproduce a virtual reality of mars. Pretty cool stuff. 

<h2>What’s in my way?</h2>

This past project I found the unit tests to be the most challenging part. The project required us to use caches of data that were stored on the CS machines and could only be accessed from the CS network. As a result, we could not run tests on our functions that used the caches directly because the tests needed to run on Travis-CI. This caused my partner and I to have a hard time reaching the required average of 3 tests per a function. This caused us to go back into our code and re-write functions to make them more testable. Not sure if future projects will have a problem similar to this, however, it was an issue when it came down to the last day and we needed to rethink our functions to make sure they could be tested without the data they were meant to process. 

<h2>What will I do next week?</h2>

Next week I will start prepping for the exam the following week. I am not exactly sure how I plan to study for the exam because Professor Downing does not have a particular set of notes or slides from class. He primarily works on text editors writing small sections of code we discuss during the class. 

<h2>Tip of the week?</h2>

When looking for an internship scout out companies that you think are a good culture fit for you. Yeah certain companies have big names that draw people in, but really at the end of the day where you work has a huge impact on your day to day happiness. I know that I want to work at a place where the projects I am working on motivate me to get up every day and the people I am working with are actually people I want to be around. Not just a bunch of insanely smart people that don’t know how to have any fun. 


