---
layout: post
title: Week Two
---

<h1>What did I do this week?</h1>

This week I began working on the Collatz project. So far I have gotten all of the set up finished and have programmed the basic solution. I also read the text book this week for the weekly readings. The book in comparison to other CS textbooks I have read before is a bit of an easier read as of now. 

<h1>What is standing in my way?</h1>

Getting started on the project was slightly difficult for me. There were a lot of things that were unclear to me until I spent some time combing through Piazza for tips. In general, I felt the instructions for the project were brief, so there wasn’t much to go off of other than what I am supposed to accomplish. I am not sure if this is how all the project descriptions will be throughout the class, however, professor Downing spent some time in class on Wednesday clarifying a good amount of the project. 

<h1>What will I do next week?</h1>

Next week I plan to finish up project 1 early on so I have time later in the week for other assignments I have due in other classes. I hope to have the project completed by Tuesday at the latest. I might stop by one of the TA sessions to clarify a few questions I have on submission of the project as well. 

<h1>Tip of the week</h1>

Never forget to take time off for yourself to enjoy things you like to do. For instance, I’m going to the UT vs Note Dame game today with my friends. Academics are important, and should be one of your top priorities, but taking time to enjoy life with friends too is equally as important. Everything in moderation. 

