<h2>What did I do this week?</h2>

This past week I finished up the last project with my partner. We had an easier time than expected for this project which was nice. We finished up most of the logic by Sunday night and only had to clean up the code and write unit tests during the week. Made for a nice experience finishing up the last project of the semester.

<h2>What is standing in my way?</h2>

At the moment just the three exams I have coming up on the last week of classes. The Thursday after Thanksgiving break I have an exam in algo and OOP as well as one of my non-cs classes. I haven’t tried to move any of them just yet because I haven’t decided if I want to or not. My non-cs class exam shouldn’t be too bad, and depending on how my studying goes for algo this week I may be able to prepare myself for the exam before we get back from break leaving only OOP to prepare for. I have heard that the second exam in OOP is harder than the first though, so that does concern me.

<h2>What will I do next week?</h2>

This week is a short one with only two days of class for me. My only class on Wednesday is OOP and Professor Downing has canceled the class for that day. I’ll be flying back to New York early Wednesday morning and be spending the rest of the week with family and friends. I am looking forward to being home as it’s been almost 5 months since I have been. I’ll also try to get some studying in during my down time in preparation for the week after. 

<h2>Tip of the week?</h2>

Take advantage of all your extra credit opportunities in any class you have. Professor Downing has just given us another opportunity to earn an extra 10 points by completing another version of the first project of the semester. Small boosts like this really help out when you are on the cusp of a letter grade, or a plus minus. 
