<h2>What did I do this week?</h2>

This week my partner and I began working on the final project for the semester. The project is similar to the last with regards to the whole game concept with a 2d board. We started outlining how we want to approach the design during the week and we plan to start implementing the code today. We wanted to spend a good amount of time thinking it through this time around because on the last project my partner and I wasted a ton of time redesigning along the way do to the restriction on getters and setters.

<h2>What is standing in my way?</h2>

At the moment nothing is too bad. I am planning to start studying for all the exams I have on the last week of classes because I definitely will not have enough time to prepare for all of them right after thanksgiving. 

<h2>What will I do next week?</h2>

This week I will finish the last project up with my partner hopefully well before Thursday. The last project was real stressful trying to finish things up on the last day. I am also going to start reviewing for the last exam. There is definitely a lot more material to cover in terms of difficulty for the second exam, so getting a head start on that might be a good idea. 

<h2>Tip of the week:</h2>

When looking for a job try your hardest to find a company that does something you are truly passionate about. I really enjoy computer science, but recently I have been realizing that I don’t really care for working at a lot of the companies people are striving to get jobs at. If I could find a job that involves music and computer science I think I’d be in heaven. That’s recently where I have been directing my efforts in terms of finding a job.


