---
layout: post
title: Week Fifteen
---

<h2>What did I do this week?</h2>

This past week was the last week of the class and the week of the second exam. I ended up deciding to move the exam to Friday because of my two other exams I had on Thursday. The extra day gave me a nice buffer to prepare for the exam. I also completed the additional extra credit assignment Professor Downing added the week before Thanksgiving. The second exam wasn’t too terrible. Professor Downing gave us a hint on the last day of class as to what one of the main problems was going to be, so that was especially helpful.  

<h2>What’s Next?</h2>

Well I am lucky enough to have no finals, so I actually finished my semester after the second exam on Friday. I am extremely excited to have a break from school. While the work load hasn’t been too bad this semester, it has just been a generally stressful and draining semester for me. I am going to be in Austin for the next two weeks spending time with friends and getting back to work on two side projects of mine. I have an offer for a summer internship, however, I am not sure if it is the one I want to take or not, so I will also be spending a lot of time this winter break continuing my search and practicing for interview questions. I feel that was my biggest pit fall this recruitment season: lack of prep. Other than that I will be heading back to New York on the 15th and spending time with the family.


<h2>Tip of the week/Class Summary</h2>

To anyone who is considering taking this class my tip is do it. Overall the class has been a rewarding experience and professor Downing gives fantastic lectures. In comparison to other professors I have had in the department he can keep the class engaged and interested in the lecture. Originally I thought his lack of slides was a downside, but by almost holding a conversation with the class rather than reading from a slide deck he could keep me interested.  It took the first two assignments for me to get used to how Professor Downing grades our projects. There will be times when you submit a project and loose a decent amount of points for some ridiculous mistake, however, it will make you more cautious when preparing a finalized version of your project, which is always useful in the real world. And on top of all of that his humor and character is a fantastic reason to take the class. 


