---
layout: post
title: Week Seven
---

<h2>What did I do this week?</h2>

This week I studied and took the first exam. The exam was close to what I was expecting. The exam was all coding questions and no multiple choice. Professor Downing allows you to make a cheat sheet for the exam, however he does mention that its use it primarily in preparing for the exam and it will be of little use during the actual exam. He was mostly right as I found myself just going with the questions and trying to work through them rather than relying on my cheat sheet to help me get through them.

<h2>What is standing in my way?</h2>

At the moment things are looking pretty good. Last week was my worst exam week until finals season. We have a new project coming up and I am looking forward to getting my grade back for project 2. The first project I didn’t do as well as I would have liked to, so I am hoping to do much better this time around.

<h2>What Will I do Next Week?</h2>

Project 3 was just released so I am planning on getting started on that. For each partner project you need to work with a new partner, so I will be finding another friend to work with for this one. After that we will probably start looking into the details of the project and get started.

<h2>Tip of The Week:</h2>

Professor Downing has a system in place where should you forget any files or make a mistake on a project you will be asked to resubmit the assignment after the due date, which will automatically take 20% off of your grade for the assignment. This happened to me on project 1 and I resubmitted the assignment, which I thought was the right move. However, should this happen to you take a look at the rubric for the assignment and see how many points you will actually loose for the mistake you made before you resubmit. Resubmitting the assignment actually made me loose more points than I would have if I just left the submission with the missing file.
