---
layout: post
title: Week Nine
---

<h2>What did I do this week?</h2>

This past week I submitted the Allocator project with my partner. This project was personally my favorite so far. Since we were given a code base to start with there was more time spent thinking about the actual problem at hand rather than setting things up. In addition, the problem was pretty interesting in comparison to the last two projects. We also got to see a new way to use Google Tests with the new TYPED_TEST call.

<h2>What is standing in my way?</h2>

I am currently dealing with a simple yet detrimental mistake my partner and I made in project 2 that resulted in a massive point loss. I am trying to work things out with the TA’s so hopefully my grade in the class won’t be as bad as it currently is. The class is also still waiting to get our grades back for the first exam, so things are a bit stressful at the moment. 

<h2>What will I do next week?</h2>

The next project was just uploaded in the last day or so, so I will be looking for a new partner to get started with. I’ve heard that the last two projects are the hardest projects for the class. After glancing over the instructions I decided I am definitely going to want to get a head start on this one. 

<h2>Tip of the week:</h2>

Start on a side project that you are passionate about. This past weekend I had some time to get back to work on mine and I found myself working on it until the sun rose and I wasn’t even at HackTx. I got into computer science for a lot of reasons, but the real reason I love computer science is because it gives you the ability to take an idea and make it a reality. Not many people get to do that.
