---
layout: post
title: Week Eight
---
<h2>What did I do this week?</h2>

This week my partner and I got started on the Allocator project. Things are moving smoothly. We are pretty sure we are finished with all the methods we needed to write. We just need to start testing to ensure that our allocate and deallocate methods are working properly. On top of that we want to ensure we implemented valid correctly to make sure that it is validating our heap.

<h2>What is standing in my way?</h2>

Currently summer internships are standing in my way. I am still on the search for an internship for the summer and the process is always stressful. Its challenging to always be in the interview state of mind. After a while searching for an internship or a full time position feels like it is it's own class. Hopefully I will lock something down before the end of the semester, as I would like to not have to carry this stress into the spring semester. 

<h2>What will I do next week?</h2>

Next week my partner and I will finish up the Allocator project. In addition to that I will be studying for an exam I have in one of my non-cs classes. As far as OOP goes I will continue to do the readings and prep for the quizzes. Thanks to the head start my partner and I got on the Allocator project this week shouldn’t be too time demanding. 

<h2>Tip of the week</h2>

I got the chance to spend some time with my family this weekend when they came into town for the UT. Vs Iowa State game. I am originally from New York, so after having a summer internship in Austin last summer and starting school back up I was away from home for almost five months. Try and bring your family in for a fun UT event like game day. Its a great way to spend some time together.
