---
layout: post
title: Week Nine
---

<h2>What did I do this week?</h2>

This past week I submitted the Darwin assignment, and took my algo exam. My partner and I had a hard time getting the project finished due to a lot of C++ syntax and issues. Our problem ended up being the way we were tracking creatures in the grid and not keeping track of the ones that have had their turn properly due to the way we were using a map. It took a lot longer than expected, but we got everything to work an hour before the assignment was due, so lucky we didn’t have to submit late.  

<h2>What is standing in my way?</h2>

As of right now my biggest issue is that I have three exams on December 1st. I have my algo exam, oop exam, and a non cs course exam. These all act as the final exam in the class so I think I need to move at least one of them to have time to prepare for each of them. 

<h2>What will I do next week?</h2>

Next week I and going to get started on the last project. Given how long it took my last partner and I to get the project started because of simple c++ syntax I defiantly want to get a head start. I already know who my partner will be this time, so getting a jump on the project shouldn’t be hard. I also have no major projects due this week, so I’ll have the extra time.

<h2>Tip of the week:</h2>

Make sure you have your resume and profile filled out on Piazza. I recently was reached out to by a company for a interview and I never reached out to them. They just found my profile on Piazza and decided to reach out to me. So you never know where a job opportunity might come from.
