---
layout: post
title: Week Five
---

<h2>What did I do this week?</h2>

Last week I started reviewing for the exam coming up this week. Studying for Professor Downing's exams is different than most classes I have taken before. The only real notes we have are typed up code from class that we walked through. I'd imagine that the test will be a combination of asking us to write the code we have worked on in class and some multiple choice that are similar in format to the quizzes we take at the beginning of each class. 

<h2>What’s in my way?</h2>

This week is a rough one for me. I have Professor Downing's exam as well as an exam in my Algo class on Thursday. Leaves a lot of studying to do in the week and a half I have been. For some reason my Algo and OOP test schedules align on the same day for both the midterm and final/last test considering we don't take the last test during finals week. This challenge is one that always makes taking an exam ten times more difficult, but I'll find a way to make it happen.

<h2>What will I do next week?</h2>

This week I will just be studying non stop for the two exams on Thursday. I'll also be working on the one note sheet we get to use during the exam. Then hopefully once those go well I will be able to have a relaxing Friday off from class. 

<h2>Tip of the week?</h2>

Studying for an exam without any formalized notes is not the easiest thing to do, but the best approach I have found so far is to consolidate all of the typed up notes written in class into one Google Doc and then use the built in commenting system to make comments on the side of document. Makes it easy to keep the format of the code there while also being able to write out extensive explanations about each line.


