---
layout: post
title: Week Ten
---

<h2>What did I do this week?</h2>

This week my partner and I started working on project 4. We have been making some progress, but are primary getting suck on basic C++ syntax and errors that are making the assignment more difficult than the it appears to be. We also got our grades back for the first exam and I did better than I expected to so things are looking up in the class.

<h2>What is standing in my way?</h2>

Right now project 4 is the biggest thing standing in my way. The project is due on Thursday the same day I have an exam in my Algo class and a quiz in one of my non-cs classes. So this week is going to be a busy one. The hardest thing about the project is that we have to design the whole thing from scratch. Since there is no starter code it leaves the implementation up to us. This is not necessarily a bad thing it just leaves us with a lot to learn about how to implement certain things in C++ that we haven’t done before.  

<h2>What will I do next week?</h2>

This week I will be trying to finish up most of the project by the end of Sunday night so that I have time to prepare for my Algo exam. My partner and I are in the same Algo class, so we decided that whatever we have left after tonight we are going to finish in the ten hours we have after our algo exam is over and before the project is due at ten. Hopefully that plan will pan out, but we will see. 

<h2>Tip of the week?</h2>

When trying to create a vector of a user defined type make sure you implement all the constructors for the user defined type. For instance, in project 4 we are trying to have a vector of creatures and we got caught up on an compiler error that told us the Creature class did not have the necessary constructor for creating a vector without also having parameters required for creating a Creature. Basically the vector wanted a constructor with no arguments to create a empty Creature vector, however, we did not have that in our Creature class. We still aren't sure we have implemented this the correct way, but we are going to check with a TA later this week.  

