---
layout: post
title: Week Three
---


<h1>What did you do this past week?</h1>

This past week I completed and submitted the first project. The project took a lot more time than I anticipated. I attribute this to the fact that there was a lot of overhead learning new tools such as clang, Travis-ci, Doxygen, git issues etc. The programming for the assignment was actually pretty minimal. The combination of being introduced to C++ and the new tools together is what really made the project time consuming.

<h1>What’s in your way?</h1>

After submitting the assignment I, along with most of my friends in the class, received an email informing me that I forgot to include the .gitignore file in my repository. Unfortunately, even though this is a small file I will be docked 20% right off the bat. This is a little frustrating, but rules are rules. However, this now means I need to work that much harder to get the grade I want in the class. I’ll start by being a little more careful about checking that everything is in order when I submit. 

<h1>What will you do next week?</h1>

Next week I’ll be doing a lot of prep work for the CNS career fair that is coming up on the 20th. Professor Downing is a strong supporter of getting yourself a summer internship and I am hoping to get myself my second internship from the CNS career fair. In addition, if Professor Downing posts the next project I will be looking for a partner and getting a jump start to see how intense it will be.

<h1>Tip of the week</h1>

So earlier this week I set up Sublime to be accessible through the command line so I can open up any file I am working on. This is a pretty simple task to accomplish, but it makes my life a lot easier when I am splitting my screen on a mac between Sublime and Terminal. Now when I am working on the command line and need to edit a file I can just type ‘sublime [FILE NAME]’ and it will open up in sublime. A lot easier than having to open up Finder, or use the built in Sublime file navigator to open a file. I know all the Vim Emacs etc people will hate on that, but its best for me haha. Anyways to do this just add the command to your bash_profile. Check out this guide: https://gist.github.com/artero/1236170 

 


