<h2> What did I do this week</h2>

Last week was my final mellow week of the semester. I now have to step it into high gear and grind this last week out. I asked Dr. Downing to move the second exam to Friday to avoid having to take four exams, two of which are CS exams, in one day. He was very accommodating. I hope that the extra time will help me in preparing for the exam. I am very excited to get through this week and finish up the semester. 

<h2> What is standing in my way?</h2> 

EXAMNS. Its always a trade off having all your final exams on the last week of classes. I had the same situation last semester and it was a whole lot of work, but at least once you get through it you are finished. After the exams are over I will be packing up my apartment and getting ready to head back home to NY to get my summer started. I am very excited to be home with the family. Its been another long 4 and a half month stretch since I’ve been back. 

<h2> What will I do next week? </h2> 

Next week I am going to grind like I haven’t grinded before. Overall this semester’s workload has been on a steady pace week to week. No particular week has been too much to handle at a time. This will by far be the worst week, but like all things in life I’ll get through it. Summer awaits on the other side. 

<h2>What is my experience in the class?</h2> 

As always top notch. We started the presentations this past week. My group has to go this Wednesday. Since the project specs for everyone are identical the presentations themselves sort of feel repetitive. I guess its important to show off the work we have done throughout the semester, and for us to highlight the unique aspects of our design, but I feel like the presentations are not as emphasized as the rest of the project.   

<h2>Tip of the week</h2> 

Make the best of your time in college. Now that I am a week away from being a senior I am getting a little retrospective. I want to make sure I make the best of my time I have left. College is just one stepping stone in the grand scheme of life, but it is an important one and a really fun one at the same time. 
