<h2> What did I do this week</h2>

This week I started the first project Collatz. Initially I thought that the project would be very similar to the version I had to implement for object oriented programming. It turns out that this was only slightly true. Professor Downing definitely took the classes feedback into account last semester regarding the competitive programming website he should use for submitting a project like Collatz. Instead of the website we used last semester for OOP we are now using HackerRank, which seems to be more rigorous on testing. 

<h2> What is standing in my way?</h2> 

I spent most of tonight working on the project. Initially the time limit was standing in my way for the tests. Last semester I only have to add in a few optimizations to the Collatz computation in order to pass all of the tests on the website we used. However, this time around I went through a decent amount of optimizations until I found one that actually was able to run through all of the HackerRank tests without timing out. I am still failing quite a few tests, however, I think that is related to an issue with my look up in my meta cache. 

<h2> What will I do next week? </h2> 

Next week I plan to finish the project up on Monday and submit it then. I want to have some extra time in the week to continue working on a personal project before things start to really ramp up. I will also be working on some classwork for my two communication classes I am taking.

<h2>What is my experience in the class?</h2> 

This week it was nice to see that Professor Downing takes the feedback he is given into consideration. While I may find the HackerRank test suit to be more difficult than the site we used last semester, the UI of HackerRank is much better than the previous site and more enjoyable to work with for editing code and submitting. 

<h2>Tip of the week</h2> 

If you are looking for a great non-cs class to take as a general elective during your time here at UT look into Human Sexuality with Professor Brownstein. His class is absolutely amazing. His lectures are full of hilarious group discussions and insightful information for relationships in life. 
 

