<h2> What did I do this week</h2>

This week my group and I finished phase one of the IDB project. Going in to the week we had a lot of work to get done. Also coming back into the week after spring break was pretty hard for me haha. I had a seven hour drive back into town Sunday night then immediately had to get back into the swing of things on Monday. So instead of feeling refreshed I was struggling to stay awake most of the week, but it was totally worth it.

<h2> What is standing in my way?</h2> 

Right now I am worried about how things will be graded for the first phase of the project. It seems like things are pretty open ended. My group and I followed the rubric as best we could, however, there are just so many ways to accomplish one task in web development that it seems like there could be a lot of places to make a mistake. 

<h2> What will I do next week? </h2> 

Next week I have midterms in Computer Networks and Intro to Human Sexuality late in the week. I am going to spend most of the week studying for those exams, however, I also have some project work to do in both Intro to computer Security and SWE for phase 2. My group would like to get a head start on this phase to make sure we are not pressed for time like we were last week. We would like to get most of the work done way before the due date. 

<h2>What is my experience in the class?</h2> 

Now that we have begun the IDB project that class is beginning to get interesting. This is the point where we diverge from OOP. The first phase presented my group and I with a lot challenges in regards to learning new technologies and technologies we already know. We started by assigning roles based on what people already knew, but for what was left over we had to learn. React was fairy new to all of us so that presented the biggest challenge. I primarily took on a front end role with one of our other group members, so dealing with React was a big task for the two of us, especially given the fact we have to do it in the four days we had left after spring break.

<h2>Tip of the week</h2> 

If you are into music and you haven’t attended a music festival before you need to find one. Festival season has just begun and if you look around you are bound to find a festival with a lineup that you’ll love. Festivals also make great road trips with friends because they are often not right by. 





