<h2>Class Experience</h2>

Well thats a wrap! This week has been one real crazy week. The last 48 hours has been packed with five exams. I managed as best I could and I am just glad to be finished. 

After taking a whole academic year worth of Dr. Downing’s classes it is safe to say that he is a fantastic teacher. In my class summary I would like to contrast SWE with OOP as far as final thoughts go. The month and a half or so of the classes are pretty much identical. However, after that they part their own ways. Looking back I felt that the material I learned in both classes was of great value, however, learning C++ was more valuable to me. While python has its intricacies, C++ is a language that requires a little more hand holding to learn. Its great to have a class centered around it. 

With out a doubt the most valuable part of both classes are all the tools that you are required to learn. What I found most interesting about Dr. Downing’s teaching style is that he expects what the real world would expect of you. He has a lot of tools listed as requirements for projects that he may not be all too familiar with himself. He isn’t there to walk you through the process. He gives you a list of requirements and sends you and your group on your way to figure it out. 

Lastly, prior to taking SWE I had head a ton of rumors that the work load is insane and that you will constantly be tied up in the lab trying to sort things out. I am not sure if things were a little harder historically or not, but I found that if you pick your partners well for the group project and make sure to make use of everyones skill sets the project isn’t all too bad. It never took my group more than 3 -4 days of work working about 6 hours each day max to get each phase of the project done. 

<h2> Last Tip </h2>

This isn’t a requirement of this blog, but I just wanted to follow up on my tip from last week, which was make your time in college count. After the tragedy this past Monday, I just wanted to add to that live every day to its fullest. Be kind to those around you, take those chances, and try to leave no stone unturned. I did not know the victim personally, but its moments of senseless violence like this that make you remember whats important in life: family, friends and loved ones. So take the time to make those people priorities.   
