<h2> What did I do this week</h2>

This week I finished up the first project. Collatz turned out to be slightly harder than I expected, however, I was still able to finish it two days in advance, which gave me plenty of time to submit and make sure everything was correct. I learned my lesson in OOP that you need to take your time making sure everything is just right before submission. There are a lot of small things you need to make sure you included in your repo that can really lower your grade if you forget them.

<h2> What is standing in my way?</h2> 

Right now things are still looking pretty good. I have another two weeks before my first two exams, one of them being Exam 1 for this class. The project work load is starting to pick up though. My first programming assignment was assigned for Intro to Computer Security as well as the second project for this class. The second project is Netflix, which is the title of the second project from OOP. From what I heard it should be about the same, but I wouldn’t be surprised if there are a few changes. 

<h2> What will I do next week? </h2> 

This week I will be looking for a partner to work with for the second project. Once I find one I plan on getting a head start since I am generally familiar with the project. Hopefully most of what I know from the previous time I completed the assignment will transfer over to this assignment, as I have to begin the project for my security class which is due this Friday. 

<h2>What is my experience in the class?</h2> 

Learning Python has been the most difficult part of the class so far. I really need to sit down and follow a good intro course online for the language to get up to speed. Some of the most frustrating parts of the first project was just having to look up how to do the simple things. If I already knew how to do those in Python I feel the projects would move much faster for me.

<h2>Tip of the week</h2> 

Take road trips! I spent this past weekend traveling to Dallas and Oklahoma to visit friends I have at some other schools. It’s always great to go out and see faces you haven’t seen in a while and to see some other campuses. It also makes you appreciate Austin and UT even more. UT’s blend between a campus and a large city is really unique and its one of the biggest reasons I love this university so much.

