<h2> What did I do this week</h2>

This week was a bit of a tiresome week for me. My partner and I had a project for our security class that was the hardest project of the semester. It took us a most of the week to complete given that we were somewhat reluctant to really dive in and get it done. I feel like I have almost hit a wall with my drive for the semester. It has been a fantastic semester, but overall I am just ready to be done. 

<h2> What is standing in my way?</h2> 

I am pretty worried about my last week of classes right now. I have five exams that week and just found out that an exam I thought was on Friday is actually on Thursday, along with three I already had then. So now I have four exams that last Thursday of class and one on Friday. This is no doubt going to be a crazy hell week for me, but I am really looking forward to just getting through it and gearing up for my summer. 

<h2> What will I do next week? </h2> 

The last phase of the IDB project is due this week, so I need to switch gears from security back over to SWE. This is the phase where we need to use another teams API to visualize their data. This will be interesting because we are relying on the fact that the other teams API is functioning and well designed. I told my group that I would take care of the visualization on the front end, so I need to get started on that asap as I have never done anything like it before.

<h2>What is my experience in the class?</h2> 

As always my experience has been great. Out of the three CS classes I am taking this semester this one has by far been the most useful for me. It is hard sometimes to find classes at UT where the classwork can translate into real world applications, but since we spend so much time learning to use new tools that are constantly being used in the work field al lot of the content is extremely useful. 

<h2>Tip of the week</h2> 

Registration week is upon us! Spend some time looking into classes that aren’t focused in on just CS. Two of my favorite classes I have taken at UT are Intro to Interpersonal Communication Theory with Professor John Daly and Human Sexuality with Professor Brownstein. If you need or want to take some electives I highly recommend you take one or both of these. The professors will teach you some valuable life lessons.  


