<h2> What did I do this week</h2>

This past week we finished up the last phase of the IDB project. In addition I had registration this week. Unfortunately even though I had the second day of undergrad registration I was still not able to get my top pick: Ethical Hacking. I have heard nothing but great things about the class and I am hoping that I end up getting in. I am thinking about getting the security certificate so getting into this class is important for me. 

<h2> What is standing in my way?</h2> 

We are getting closer and closer to the last week of class. Those 5 exams are still there hah. This week I really need to start studying for them. I am not sure if I will be moving any of them around or not. That I will decide this week. Other than that the presentation is also coming up for the IDB project. My group and I need to prepare it as well as finish up our visualization, so the work for SWE is not quite done yet. 

<h2> What will I do next week? </h2> 

This week I am going to try and get a head start on studying for my last exams. There has been a lot of material covered in the class since the first exam. I may start working on my cheat sheet. At least for the SQL and Regular Expression material. There is a lot of little things that can trip you up there. 

<h2>What is my experience in the class?</h2> 

Now that we are nearing the end of the course and the projects are mainly complete I can say that this class is defiantly one worth taking. Especially because you can get a writing flag out of it. It always seems to be hard to find classes that have writing flags in the CS department, but if you are looking for one where you can get some programming in along side the writing this is defiantly the one to take.

<h2>Tip of the week</h2> 

If you haven’t seen HBO’s Silicon Valley before now is the time to catch up and start watching. The first episode of the fourth season just come out this Sunday. The show is absolutely hilarious and I highly recommend it for anyone, but especially people in the CS world because the humor is just that much better if you can pick up on the subtle jokes about the CS industry. 


