<h2> What did I do this week</h2>

This week I got together with my partner and started the Netflix project. Getting things started was pretty easy as I have done the project before, but we ran into a bit of a road block when we realized we no longer have the same caches that I had last semester. We are currently working on the caches and deciding how we want to compute the estimated ratings. Hopefully we will finish by Monday as the career fair is this week and I would like to focus my time on that.

<h2> What is standing in my way?</h2> 

Not too much is standing in my way. This is my last calm week before midterms start picking up and they really don’t let up for about a month. The next month will be pretty stressful, but I am looking forward to it all. So far the three CS classes I have been taking (SWE, Networks, and Intro to Computer Security) have been really interesting. Its much more enjoyable to take classes you choose to take rather than the ones required by the department 

<h2> What will I do next week? </h2> 

Next week I will be focusing on the career fair. I am interested in talking with companies to find out how the hiring process for full time positions works and about potential positions in Austin for the fall. I know that is unusual, however, I am relatively far along in my degree plan and I will have more time on my hands senior year. I would love to be able to work part time in Austin during the year, so my plan is to target some companies that could possibly make that happen.

<h2>What is my experience in the class?</h2> 

The class has been really enjoyable so far. Adding knowledge of Python to my skill set has been something I have wanted to do for some time now, so getting started on that has been great. I am looking forward to finding out what the next project is. I have heard that there is only one more project for the rest of the semester where you get to decide what to build. When I am working on a project where I get to decide the idea I get really engaged, so I am excited to get started on that. 

<h2>Tip of the week</h2> 

Wake up early. Rather than having a bunch of new years resolutions like I usually do I went for only one: wake up  early every week day. I decided that early was 7:30-8. So far I have been keeping up with it. The last few semesters I have had classes that start around noon so I would always sleep in, but I am finding that I can get a lot more done in the day if I wake up early rather than sleep in and stay up all night. 



