t did I do this week</h2>

Back at it with Downing! This past week I was on a waitlist for a while trying to get into this class. I have already taken professor Downing’s object oriented programming class, which was a fantastic experience. I enjoyed the class, so I figured taking his more web based class would be another great experience. I got into the class Friday morning so there hasn’t been that much going on yet.

<h2> What is standing in my way?</h2> 

As of right now not too much. I am felling really great about this semester and 2017 as a whole. Winter break was a much needed rest after this past semester. I am ready to take on the spring. I am currently in three CS classes and two CMS classes. This is a heavier load than I normally take, but I want to see if I can manage. 

<h2> What will I do next week? </h2> 

Next week I will start getting into gear as most of my classes will start assigning actual work now that syllabus week is over. I just went and bought my textbooks for my CMS classes today, so I have a decent amount of reading to get started. 

<h2>What is my experience in the class?</h2> 

So I have only been to one lecture so far, but it seems after looking over the schedule and listening to the first lecture that the first few weeks resemble OOP just using Python instead of C++. As time goes on I will find out how true that is, but even if that is the case I think it will be nice, as I have not used Python before and diving into a new language it is nice to know what I am trying to accomplish already so I can focus on learning the ins and outs of the language. 

<h2>Tip of the week</h2> 

If you don’t already, try and fill your schedule with the max allowed CS classes per a semester, which right now is three. It is definitely challenging to take three in one semester alongside other classes, but you might as well take advantage of all you can learn in your time here at UT. And if you hit the mid point of the semester and things are going real bad you can always Q drop a class. You get six of those for a reason. But if things go well you can get a lot more out of your degree. 
