<h2> What did I do this week</h2>

This week my partner and I finished up the Netflix project, and I went to the career fair. Wrapping up Netflix wasn’t too bad, and I am excited to begin the first part of the larger group project. The career fair was another great experience networking with recruiters.  I went to the fair with the intentions of trying to find work for the fall. I would like to make use of my extra time my senior year working part time. As I expected, a lot of the companies would rather have interns work over the summer and continue part time then come on board in the fall, but hey you don’t know until you ask.

<h2> What is standing in my way?</h2> 

Right now midterm season is upon me. For the next month I have exams each week. I start off this week with a non-cs exam, but then I have Networks and SWE the same week. It always seems that my cs classes stack their exams around the same time. As always I just need to ramp up the effort and get the studying done. So far this has been a pretty good semester for my first semester taking 15 hours, so I am hoping that the first round of exams won’t change that.

<h2> What will I do next week? </h2> 

This week I am going to start studying for the never ending exams. In addition to that I am going to continue working on side projects that I have been energized to continue working on based off of positive feed back from recruiters at the career fair. Its always nice to talk to people about a project you are passionate about, get some real world opinions and positive feedback.

<h2>What is my experience in the class?</h2> 

This is the beginning of the turning point between SWE and OOP, so I am interested to see where we go from here. Overall so far I feel that Python has been an easier language to pick up than C++. In both OOP and SWE we spend a lot of time learning characteristics of each language. So while OOP tended to feel like a C++ class, SWE seems to feel like a python class.

<h2>Tip of the week</h2> 

Always make time for your family and those who matter to you. I believe I made this my tip of the week back in OOP, but its still valid. This past weekend I took a trip out to LA to visit my older sister who recently moved out there from New York. My mom, dad, and two younger siblings also flew out from New York to see her. It was nice to spend some time with them even if it was only two days. This trip was a last minute book for me because of the career fair and my upcoming exams, but its always important to manage your time wisely and make time for those who matter to you. 




