<h2>What did I do this week</h2>

This week I took two of my first CS midterms for the semester. My networks midterm was not too difficult, which was nice. The SWE exam on the other hand was something else. I think taking Professor Downing's OOP class last semester was too much of an influence on my study habits for this exam. I primarily prepared for the exam by writing code I believed would appear on the exam, such as an implementation for map or zip that Professor Downing mentioned in class. While it was true that those questions did appear on the exam, they were not exactly what I was expecting. Without going into too much detail about the exam Professor Downing's exams usually consisted of writing code, where this time around it consisted of multiple choice, which made the test questions more similar to his in class quizzes.  

<h2> What is standing in my way?</h2> 

I did not do as well as I would have liked to do on the exam. I am not in a terrible position, however, I do need to make sure I am on top of everything from here on out if I want to have a shot at making an A- in the class. I am slightly concerned about my project group. When I registered for the class I was unaware that we would not be allowed to form groups with people outside of our section. I originally planned to work with two people from my class and three from the later section, but now since we are not able to do so my group will likely consist of some randomly assigned people. My group members and I reached out to other people we know in our section, but they all either already had a group in mind or had 4 members and we wouldn't be able to merge because of the six person limit per a group. 

<h2> What will I do next week? </h2> 

This week I will start working on the group project once we know our final group. In addition to that I will be studying for two more midterms I have this week leading up to spring break. Once the week is over though its finally spring break! Time is really flying this spring. Last spring felt like a century. I guess a lot of that had to do with the fact that I was taking OS at the time and literally spending more time awake in a day and working then I do now. 

<h2>What is my experience in the class?</h2> 

Despite the test not going so well my experience is still good. I am looking forward to beginning the group projects and starting to learn more about technologies that we don't get the opportunity to use in most classes. The best part about working on projects like this is that you get to take what you learn and apply it to other projects you may want to work on, or even continue the one you started for the class if you find it interesting enough. 

<h2>Tip of the week</h2> 

If you are into live music take advantage of the next few weeks. SXSW is about to start up and there are TONS of artists that will be playing all types of shows. Music is a huge part of my life, and I always love this time of the year because most of the shows performed during SXSW are small venues where you can really interact with the performers or even get to meet them if you're lucky. And if music isn't really your thing there are plenty of other parts of SXSW to check out, including a whole side of tech. We are lucky to go to school in a city that hosts an annual event like SXSW, you gotta take advantage of it. 
