<h2> What did I do this week</h2>

The week my group and I completed phase two of the IDB project. This phase went much smoother than the last thanks to the effort from a few of my partners getting an early start the week before when I had my exams. I started getting over my cold last weekend, so I was able to get back into the swing of things on Monday. I had my share of the work done by Wednesday night and the project was mostly complete by then, so submission on Thursday was a breeze.

<h2> What is standing in my way?</h2> 

Right now not too much. I got the results from my last round of midterms this week and they were good. All I need to do now is make it through the next four weeks and this semester is a wrap. Sort of scary to think that my Junior year is coming to a finish and I am about to be a senior. Time really does fly, so as much as I would like to be done with all my class work for the semester I am not really trying to rush it away.

<h2> What will I do next week? </h2> 

This week I will be working on a project for my security class. This one is supposed to be one of the more complicated projects for the semester, so my partner and I will likely get started on Monday to make sure we have a full week to get it done. At some point I need to start working on a good review sheet for the second exam in SWE. There is a lot of SQL and Regular Expression syntax that we need to know in order to answer the questions on the in class quizzes, so I am imagining that there will be a good change that they appear on the second exam. 

<h2>What is my experience in the class?</h2> 

As always things have been pretty great in this class overall. This phase of the project was a much better experience than the last. My group was able to get coordinated this time around and make a smooth schedule to work with. At the end of the semester I will have completed two semesters with Professor Downing, and I can say that he is one of the best professors I have had in my three years at UT.

<h2>Tip of the week</h2> 

Find some sort of physical activity you enjoy. Exercise is one of the best ways to clear your mind and take care of your body. I started working out almost a year ago and now exercising has become a part of my everyday schedule and I feel more productive because of it. 




