<h2> What did I do this week</h2>

This week I had a few exams and a project due in one of my CS classes. I feel the projects and tests went well. It seems like a lot of people around campus are dealing with some allergies / spring colds and I am unfortunately one of them. I spent a good chunk of the week trying to get some rest so I can get better as soon as possible, but I am still dealing with it. Hopefully by the end of the weekend I will be feeling better.

<h2> What is standing in my way?</h2> 

Right now my schedule going forward until the end of the semester is looking pretty good. I have a few projects and papers left to do up until the last week of class. I am not too worried about the next few weeks, but the last week of class is looking to be a brutal one. I have five exams between Thursday and Friday of the last week of class. I don’t really see this as possible to prepare properly for all of my exams  so I will need to start contacting my professors to hopefully rearrange my schedule a little.  

<h2> What will I do next week? </h2> 

Next week I will be ramping up the work on the next phase of the project. My group has already started some of the work, but I have been a bit behind on my end due to the exams I had last week. I am looking to get the work done by Tuesday or Wednesday so that we aren’t pressed for time like last phase. 

<h2>What is my experience in the class?</h2> 

As always my experience has been pretty great. Something I am starting to notice though is how difficult people can be to work with when you don’t necessarily know them. One of our group members that was randomly assigned to our group hasn’t contributed as much as the rest of the group has to the project. It is frustrating when we are trying to communicate and distribute the work load evenly and then someone doesn’t cooperate and we need to pick up the slack for that person. Unfortunately this is all just part of life, but non the less it is still bothersome when you didn’t choose to work with that person. 

<h2>Tip of the week</h2> 

Take advantage of the fun things UT does for us. This weekend is Forty Acres fest. Hunter Hayes, a popular country artist, is playing in front of the tower this weekend completely for free. If you are into country music at all you have probably heard of Hunter Hayes. I am looking forward to going to see him perform later tonight. 






